Adding Github templates (#3052)
KratosMultiphysics/Kratos: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/pull-request.md

---
name: Pull Request
about: Create a PR to commit a new feature, bugfix or other change

---

**Description of the PR**

> A brief description of the PR. In case its a bugfix pleas add "Fix #1234" the issue or issues its solving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A brief description of the PR. If it's a bugfix please add "Fixes #1234" to indicate the issue or issues it's solving.
```

**Changelog**

> Please, add here the change-log for the PR in form of a summarized list of changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add here the change-log for the PR in the form of a summarized list of changes.
```

> Ex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
E.g.:
```
